Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull
Hey. everyone.
I just want to make a quick
toast
to thank you guys for coming
to our final Social Justice
social.
I mean. you came to every car
wash.
every canned food drive. bake
sale.
- that Greenpeace kegger. what?
- That was awesome!
And I've had a blast this year
raising our glasses and our
consciousnesses together.
So. cheers!
They don't even care
if I get straight A's.
They just care that I look good.
I mean. they're Texas ladies.
They've got the big nails.
and the big boobs. and the big hair.
And when I go home.
I've got to become one with them.
because the humidity.
No. listen.
Ruby Hill is where brain cells
go to die.
Aunties. all they do
is sit around and gossip
about who's getting married.
who's getting fat.
who's flunkin' out of med
school.
Alia. you don't understand
how big my hair gets in Texas.
Like...
I think I need bigger scissors.
Can somebody get me some bigger
scissors?
Wow!
You are so talented.
You should give everybody
haircuts.
Yes! Haircuts all around!
Yo.
Why aren't you answering my
texts?
Uh. what time is it?
Dude. are you still in bed?
Shit! Shit. shit. shit.
Shit. shit. shit.
You better not miss your flight.
I need you here. like. yesterday.
Oh. my God! You cut your hair.
Oh. my God.
Oh. my God. I cut my hair.
It looks a little lopsided.
I think I did it myself.
Oh! Your mom is gonna love that.
She's already texted me.
like. a thousand times.
Can I please just enjoy
one last minute of freedom?
No. beta. It's time to get your ass home.
Fly safe. Eat something.
Bring compression socks for the
plane.
And. you know.
Rahul's back in town.
Wear something pretty tonight.
na?
Okay. Aunty. Why don't you tell
him to wear something pretty. hmm?
Bye!
Hey. Alia. Welcome home.
- You look good.
- Thanks. Dad.
So. I could still use
some help at the clinic.
Dad. stop.
I took o-chem. I got straight
A's.
I made the dean's list.
I just want to relax.
Doesn't anyone relax
over the summer anymore?
Okay. baba.
Glad you're home.
Saahil! Jiya! I'm home.
Woo-hoo.
You're back!
Are you posing?
Ah!
- Hmm!
- Oh! Mom. bangles.
- Did you cut your hair?
- Yes.
Well. it'll grow back.
I'm so happy you're home. Alia!
Everyone's so excited to see
you tonight!
What? Everyone? What's
happening tonight?
There's a party
at Neerja Aunty's home tonight.
Didn't Neha tell you?
I don't have to go to that. do
I?
Honey. everyone's been asking
to see you.
It'll be very rude not to go.
I'm taking you to the
salon.
Those are veg only. na?
I missed you.
Oh. I missed you. too.
This is gorge. by the way!
Thanks! It's my mom.
She bought herself a new sari
for tonight. too.
My mom bought herself
a new sari for tonight.
Ugh. It's just such a waste.
Especially when there are so
many ways to upcycle fabric.
Wow. You really went full
Berkeley on me.
Peace and love. baby.
- You hiding out in here?
- I wish.
Better get back in there
before she freaks.
- Solidarity.
- You ready?
- Ready.
Ugh. wow. Someone drowned
in Drakkar Noir tonight.
Tonight and every night.
Oh. goody. Reema and Roma
are here.
- Hi!
- Hey. girl!
So good to see you!
- How's school?
- School is amazing.
Loving it!
So I put a stent in there.
it took less than an hour.
and he was back to running
marathons. you know?
Business as usual.
There she is. The Queen of Ruby
Hill.
Ew. look at my idiot
little brother.
Jerkoff. Why doesn't he get
stuck serving everyone samosas?
Hey. you. You do this.
Samosas?
Terrible score on his MCAT.
Stealing money outright.
That is how he bought his yacht!
- Hmm.
- Samosa? Hi.
That's what I heard.
The way he's holding his drink.
Ah!
Rahul. you're here!
Why are we here?
Ease your pain.
Man!
Ah!
You know. at least our
generation
allows men and women
to get equally shit-faced.
That's progress.
Ugh. It took my mom
an hour and a half to get ready.
Well. she looks hot as
shit.
Gross.
New sari. Again.
Quick. here they come.
So. you two!
When should we start
our wedding shopping. eh?
Only teasing!
That's so annoying.
What do they get
out of all this gossip. anyway?
Power. Words are powerful.
Also. they're assholes.
They're not wrong. though.
I know you didn't find
even one guy at UCLA
who's as good as me.
No. No. I found. like. 20.
Twenty! Did you even have time
to study?
Eh. in between.
How's Jessica?
Wait. no. Um. what was her name?
What was the last girl's name again?
Meghan. We only hung out a few
times.
That was enough. let me tell
you.
Duke girls are weird.
Good to be home.
Okay. I'm off to the driving
range.
Ranjit. we're out of biscuits
again.
I asked you to bring more
last weekend. didn't I?
Do you want us to get
embarrassed like the Bhatias.
running out of them in front of
everyone?
Oh. bab So some people
didn't have biscuits. Who cares?
Indians eat way too much sugar
as it is.
That's not the point. Ranjit.
Just get them for the party. na?
Okay. I'll pick some up.
and then all our troubles
will be over. No?
Hey. Alia. your mom needs you
to go to the Indian store
to buy some biscuits for the
party.
What? Why can't you go?
I'm golfing. see?
I'm relaxing. see?
Cannonball!
Whoa.
- Shit.
- Excuse me?
Hello. there.
Can we help you find something?
I'm looking for some biscuits...
for my mom.
Mom. uh. where are the biscuits?
You're restocking them. Varun.
Right.
Um...
Yeah. Here you go.
Thanks.
So. do you work here? Often?
Yeah. I'm just helping my
parents out until school starts.
Where do you go to school?
I was at East River Community College.
But I'm transferring to UCLA for fall.
No way!
That's crazy. I go to UCLA.
No way! What's your major?
Oh. bio. Typical. you know.
What about you? Doctor. lawyer.
engineer?
No. actually.
I'm thinking history or poli sci.
I like current events and past events.
I like reading a lot.
But I... I do other stuff. too.
Like. I go to the gym.
Yeah. Uh. it's good to have
hobbies.
All set.
So. are you guys the new owners?
What happened to the Guptas?
The Guptas. they retired back
to India.
We owned a store in East River as
well. but we like this area better.
Yeah. Ruby Hill's pretty nice.
Oh. we're actually just over
the hill in Miller Park.
Oh.
My. this is a lot of biscuits.
Yeah. we're throwing this
dinner thing next Saturday.
and we just simply
can't run out of biscuits.
My mom would be mortified.
Oh. I see.
You guys should come!
You're new in town. You can
meet everyone.
have a few drinks.
see where the night takes you.
What?
I'm Alia. by the way.
I'm Kamlesh.
This is Bhairavi. Varun. and Puja.
Nice to meet you all.
All right. so I will write down
our phone number and our address.
You know what. I'm just gonna
put my cell phone number. too.
just in case.
Hope to see you next Saturday.
And feel free to call me
whenever.
Anytime.
- Uh. very nice of you. beta.
- Are you sure your parents won't mind?
No. not at all.
You invited who?
Uh...
Are you crazy?
Who said you could invite them?
Itne saare biscuits?
How will it look if a local shopkeeper
shows up for our dinner party?
I haven't even met these people
yet!
And leave that aside.
did you ever see the Guptas
in our party ever?
Of course not!
What will people say?
How could you do this. Alia?
I don't know. They're new in
town. they don't know anyone.
I thought it would be nice.
So now we are running
a charity service. huh?
Sure. Aunties without Borders.
Seems that you've
become very smart in college.
Alia.
Maybe next year. you can do a course
called "Your Mother Deserves Respect"!
Do you know if they grade
on a curve in that class?
Because I hear the professor is
a real...
Okay. It's time for our run. Alia.
Come. let's go.
Can you stop picking
fights with your mom. baba?
You know how serious
she is about all this.
You didn't think about how she would
react when you invited the shopkeepers?
No. I was not thinking
about her when I invited him.
Them.
Anyways. couldn't these parties
use a little excitement?
Some fresh meat for the aunties
to devour.
You have to ask yourself
if the excitement is worth it.
Your mom is clearly not happy.
- Yeah. I got that.
- Yeah. I get it. too.
Miss Liberal Progressive Green
Party!
You're trying to make a point
to your backward old parents.
and that's what this
inviting people is all about.
Isn't it? So. who's next?
Our dry cleaner or gardener?
I mean. I'd rather talk to
Miguel than Swati Aunty!
Miguel's got jokes!
Here. Aunty. Eat. eat.
You're looking too thin these
days.
Excuse me.
You guys came!
Your house is beautiful.
You look so beautiful as well.
Thanks.
Oh. no. keep your shoes on.
please.
Come. Jiya. this is Puja.
Why don't you take Puja
downstairs to play with you guys?
We don't play.
Dad! Dad.
- Hey. Alia.
- Hi.
Uh. this is Kamlesh Uncle.
and Bhairavi Aunty. and Varun.
They took over the
Indian store from the Guptas.
Oh.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- Right.
- Yeah. Hi.
- Hello.
Welcome.
Um. come on. Aunty. Let's go
find my mom.
Oh. there she is. Mom.
This is Bhairavi Aunty. and Varun.
This is my mom. Sheila.
Sheila?
Arey!
Oh. my God!
Is this really you?
I can't believe it.
Is this where you've been all this time?
Uh. pardon me?
Sheila. it's me. Bhairavi.
Bhairavi Saxena.
Miranda House. Delhi University.
Everyone called me Bhairu?
You called me Bhairu.
You guys went to college
together?
Of course.
Um. certainly... Um...
We were classmates.
My apologies. Bhairavi.
It's just been such a long time
since college. hai na?
And. uh. how things
have changed since then.
Indeed. Things have certainly
changed.
Well. do make yourself feel comfortable.
and help yourself to the snacks and all.
And if you'll just excuse me.
I'll go check on dinner. Okay?
Two minutes. Excuse me.
- Well. that was weird. right?
- Yeah.
What are the chances?
Your mom didn't seem
too thrilled to see my mom.
Yeah. I'm sorry. My mom's kind
of a snob.
I swear. if you're not wearing
designer. she basically can't see you.
- Hey.
Rahul. meet Varun.
Oh. Hey. man.
- Hey.
- You look familiar.
Were you state lacrosse
a couple years ago?
No. Uh. maybe you've seen me
at the Indian store?
I work there with my parents.
Oh. right. Are you guys
catering tonight or something?
Nope. Alia invited us.
Oh!
Cool.
Smile!
This is some party.
Yeah. same shit. different
Aunty.
They all take turns hosting
every weekend
so they can show off their
new chandelier or whatever.
It's insane.
Maybe you guys can host the
next one.
Yeah. Maybe we'll have a party
at my pool.
I'll have my butler inflate it.
I'd come to a party at your
place.
Well. I'll put you
on the guest list. then.
So. Kamlesh.
you've taken over the grocery.
- You're a businessman?
- Yes. also an engineer.
Oh. really? Which firm are you
with?
Well. I'm a water maintenance
supervisor with the city.
Oh...
Yeah. she said
something about college.
I didn't...
So. you say you knew Sheila?
Yes.
You must have some good stories
about her from your college days?
Anything juicy?
Yes.
- Nitin. It's about that time.
- I'll go.
Watch this.
The drunkles can't resist.
Wake up! Mom wants you!
Get out of here. shitface!
Ow! My arm! Mom!
Alia! Breakfast!
Come down now!
Alia. did you hear me?
Saahil. can you just stop
chewing so loudly?
I am not chewing so loudly.
You're...
Close your mouth when you
eat. too.
- Jiya. eat something.
- All of this food is so high-carb.
- Have this.
- No.
With avocado.
It's very good for your body.
Ew. gross. Dad.
- Good morning.
- No way.
Wah. wah. wah. So gross.
Alia. what are you
doing?
Come sit down at the table
like a normal person. beta.
Come on.
I'm sure Bina is on the phone right
now talking about the shopkeepers.
Oh. it was an overall success.
na?
No major drama.
Everybody behaved themselves.
So what's the problem?
- Alia! What are you doing?
- Is something wrong. beta?
No. Nothing.
I've got to go.
What? Go where?
I'm meeting Neha.
Now? No. This is family time.
Neha can wait.
Come have breakfast. Come on.
I can't. I've got to get out of
here.
- Alia!
- You're still in your pajamas!
It's just so...
gross.
How could he do this to us?
Maybe it was just a mistake.
Maybe he just drank too much scotch.
and got caught up
in the party vibe or something.
Do I tell my mom?
What if she finds out.
and they have to get a divorce.
and my dad is forced to live
in some sad apartment.
and Saahil and Jiya have to
come visit him
a couple times a week and eat
SpaghettiOs?
And my mom is so humiliated that
she doesn't even leave the house.
she becomes addicted to online
gambling. and has to go to rehab?
Well. rehab's not all bad.
It's like a spa you can cry at.
Here. have some jerky.
What the hell is this?
I asked if you had weed.
Well. I didn't. so eat up.
Nourish yourself. It's vegan.
It tastes vegan.
What's Rahul say?
If Rahul would ever get back to
me. then I'd ask him.
Listen. don't say anything
to anyone about my parents.
I know you wouldn't.
Of course not. I'm not Bina
Aunty.
Oh. my God.
Can you imagine if Bina Aunty knew?
I heard she's actually
going through with it.
Well. Asha didn't have a
choice. na?
He was going to leave her
anyway.
And they were married
just as long as any of us.
Speaking of. Sheila. who did you
decide on for your anniversary party?
Oh. We're going with Tejal's.
They did such a fantastic job
at Shivani's sweet 16. na?
- Right.
- But nothing over-the-top.
This is not one of our big
anniversaries. you know. so...
At our age. they're all big
ones.
Well. Asha won't be there.
that's for sure.
What a scandal.
I suppose that's it
for her dinner parties.
No more homemade gulab jamun.
ladies.
Thank goodness!
Poor Asha.
- Poor Asha.
Oh. let me take that.
You're so quick.
I'll take it next time.
Hey. Alia.
Hey!
What's wrong?
Where's Mom?
Mom. she's out all day.
Lunch and shopping.
running around with Saahil and Jiya.
soccer practice and dance and all that.
Did you and your mom have
another fight?
No. Actually. this is about you.
And Uma Aunty.
I saw you.
Saw me what?
I saw you upstairs
at the party with Uma Aunty.
I don't know what you're
talking about.
You don't know?
So you weren't making out
with Uma Aunty at our party?
- Hey! Watch your tone!
- You watch your tone!
How could you do something like
this?
Alia. stop.
Stop it right now.
This is between your father
and me. so butt out.
You know about this?
Oh. my God.
How long has this been going on?
Not a word more. Alia.
Now go upstairs and do your
homework!
- It's summer!
- Then just go upstairs.
This is so messed up.
Oh. now this asshole wants to
talk?
Just give me a sec. okay?
Okay.
Hey. How's it going?
"How's it
going?"
You've been avoiding me for days.
and now you text me six times in a row?
Where have you been? We need to
talk.
I know.
We should get there around 8:00.
Uh. do you want to Uber
with me. Caitlin. and Josh?
What the hell are you talking
about?
Uh. hello? Nitin's birthday?
That's what you're calling me
about?
Don't you wanna discuss our parents?
Uh. it's all I've been thinking about.
Ew. Perv.
Do you think this is funny?
Do you think it's funny that my dad
grabbed a handful of your mom's...
Dude! All right. Uh...
Look. um...
I just wanna forget about the
whole thing.
I don't want to think about it.
I don't want to talk about it.
I'm definitely not talking
to my parents about it.
You talked to your parents.
right?
- Did it help?
- No.
So. then. just forget it.
There's no point.
Seriously? That's it?
Seriously.
So. Uber?
Mmm. I'm not feeling it.
I'm going to hang out with Varun.
Varun?
Well. you want to invite Varun
to tag along?
Sure.
Varun. wanna come to Nitin's
birthday party with us?
I can't. I have to
work.
Varun has to work.
Oh.
So. I guess I'll meet you guys
there.
Okay.
- Bye.
- Yum.
- You like this?
I got a guy.
Mango juice for days.
Did your parents
have an arranged marriage?
Uh. no.
They met in college. fell in
love.
All that.
- Did yours?
- Pretty much.
Well. their parents introduced them.
and then they agreed to get married.
They've never dated or anything.
I wonder if they ever loved
each other.
Your mom said my mom
changed since college.
I wonder what she was like.
Did you talk to your mom
at all after the party?
No. I asked. but she said
what your mom said.
That they were just classmates.
You guys have a lot of books.
- You guys do. too.
- Yeah. but they're all fake.
- They're fake?
- Yeah.
My parents bought all these sets
from the interior designer.
They're in Swedish or something.
Most of the pages aren't even
cut.
They just... match the rug.
- I didn't even know that was a thing.
- Oh. it's a thing.
Rahul's family has the same
ones in blue.
You live in a strange world.
Yup.
- Hey. girl! How are you?
- Hey!
I love your top!
Oh. thanks. Twindians.
- Twindians?
- Yeah.
You're so funny.
So. when did you and Varun
start hanging out?
I don't know. When do you think our
parents started screwing each other?
- What?
- I said. "I don't know.
"When do you think our parents
started screwing each other?"
- I was just asking.
- So was I.
Look. It's messed up.
But we can't do anything about
it.
We'll be back at school
before you know it.
Let's at least try to enjoy our
summer.
Ugh! You're all sweaty.
- Classy.
- You know it.
Saahil. can I just
have my phone back?
No.
I don't have any games on there.
You can literally check.
there's nothing on there.
- No.
- Just give it back.
Just go get your dumb video
games and go sit over there.
Get away from me.
Hmm.
For God's sake. Mom.
Shit.
What?
Mom?
What on earth are you doing
wearing my shoes?
Don't get them all stretched
out.
I want to wear them to the Varmas' party.
which we all are going to. by the way.
And I'm telling you. Alia.
I don't want any attitude from you.
I don't want you to fight with Jiya.
no smart comments. no rolling your eyes.
not a word. nothing.
And I think you should wear
your new blue anarkali.
so make sure it's ironed.
Did you hear me?
Yeah.
Good.
Now put the shoes back.
Hello. Alia beti!
Oh. for fuck's sake.
Hi. Aunty!
Picking something up for your
mother?
No. No. actually I'm picking
something up for myself.
Hello. good sir!
Can you help me find some tomatoes?
I'm looking for some firm.
ripe. juicy ones.
My pleasure. ma'am.
On second thought. wow!
That is some gigantic cucumber!
I'll take five.
Isn't this insane?
I mean. what the hell is this?
- Have you seen this picture before?
- Never.
I know my parents were big
into protests and stuff
in college. but no.
Do you think your mom will talk
to me?
Probably.
I mean. my mom is way cooler
than your mom.
So true. Can we trade?
Does your son still go
to that community college?
Our housekeeper's son
was thinking of going there.
She's also from East River.
Varun has already finished his
two years there. with top grades.
He's actually starting at UCLA this fall.
Isn't that where your son also goes?
USC. Pre-med.
$38.49.
You know. I may not have the latest
saris or the newest French perfume.
but my family works really hard.
and we don't allow anyone
to make us feel ashamed of that.
Of course. dear.
Hard work always pays off.
For some. sooner than others.
What can you do?
Ta-ta. beti.
Ta-ta.
Can you take over?
That sucked.
Yeah.
Uh. dude. you know I'm not
actually buying any of that. right?
Hundreds of women
have been demonstrating
in the Indian capital in memory
of the victim of a brutal attack.
The march was one of several protests
that have taken place in New Delhi.
This man hasn't even
lost his membership.
He's still an honorable
Member of Parliament.
I am ashamed to be a part of
this system.
Ashok swung his nine-iron like
Tendulkar
and the damn thing went flying.
It was hilarious.
How many rotis do you want? One
or two?
And he got so angry.
he jumped in the golf cart and
drove away.
Jiya's dentist called.
He thinks she might need braces.
Damn near killed a
caddy.
Did you even hear what I said?
Braces.
Yes.
I heard you.
The Varmas' party is coming up.
God.
We'll have to hear all about
their great fancy trip to Luxembourg.
As if none of us have gone
to Luxembourg before.
Everyone knows they're boring.
So what? Shall we not go?
Of course we'll go.
How can we not go?
People will think something
is wrong if we don't go.
They'll think something is
wrong.
Yeah.
We'll go. No problem.
Business as usual.
My surgery patient.
I have to run.
See you in a bit.
- Subtle.
- My parents redecorated.
So. do Indians live here. or...?
So. where is your other half
tonight?
When should I start
my wedding shopping. eh?
You're sweet.
Lata. we need some more tikkis.
And go tell the cooks
to hurry up with the dinner!
Everyone is starving.
Uncle. can you tell me
where the kitchen is?
Kya. beta? The kitchen?
It's right over here.
I was just making sure you knew.
Oh.
I'll get the tikkis.
I want samosa.
Ranjit has never been
able to keep it in his pants.
Typical.
What about Uma? So disgraceful.
So disgusting.
What kind of a woman behaves
this way?
Well. looks like Alia is
following in her father's footsteps.
Have you seen her carrying on
with all these boys?
Poor Sheila. She must know
that everybody knows about this.
Poor Sheila.
Your kid got caught having a
three-way in the school gym.
Yours failed his physics final and
cried in front of the entire class.
Yours... is actually just a
pothead.
We all think she's pretty cool.
- Hey. girl.
- I need to talk to you.
What's going on? Are you okay?
Why the hell did you tell?
What? I didn't say anything.
Why is the whole party talking
about it?
I don't know. Maybe someone
else told.
Well. you're the only person that I told.
And Rahul won't talk about it.
So. someone else?
Varun? I mean. he doesn't
even know these people.
What if he told his mom.
and she said something?
Everyone goes to their store.
I'm sorry.
This stuff blows over. You know
that.
My parents are planning
this stupid anniversary party.
To honor their marriage.
People will find something new
to gossip about by then.
You know the 24-hour Ruby Hill
news cycle.
Don't worry. Nothing's going to
change.
That's the problem!
Look at this.
What is this?
- It's a picture of my mom.
- What? No way.
Why do you have a picture
of angry Indian Marines?
That's Sheila Aunty. moron.
What?
- No way.
- Exactly.
Why would this woman spend
all of the goddamn time
cleaning stains out of the rug
and reading gossip magazines?
Why would this woman
let her husband cheat on her?
What. now Neha knows?
Your parents are full of
surprises.
Our parents are full of shit.
I gotta get out of here.
Where are you going?
- Are you going to walk?
- No.
Run.
Do you need a ride or something?
I'm good! All good!
What are you doing here?
Is everything okay?
Yeah. I just...
I need to ask your mom something.
Um. she is known to answer
the front door on occasion.
Jesus. Did you walk here?
Hey.
Did you tell anyone
about my dad and Rahul's mom?
Of course not. Who would I even
tell?
Your mom?
And then maybe she told because
my mom was so cold to her?
I didn't tell my mom.
and either way. she would never
do something like that.
Come on.
Alia?
What are you doing here?
Did you ring the doorbell?
No. I came in through the
window.
Aunty. can you tell me about the
Society for Women's Equality?
Beta. why don't you make us
some chai?
So. what was this?
Like a feminist club or something?
Or
something.
She actually came to protests
with you?
Came with us?
No. Your mother organized them.
What?
To put it mildly. Delhi wasn't a
good place for women back then.
Still isn't.
We never felt safe.
And we decided we had to do
something
to get organized and fight back.
So. we started the society.
and Sheila was our president.
- That's kind of a big deal.
- Yeah.
Imagine your mother. if you can.
back then. young and angry.
So... what's with this
shaved-head photo?
People were spreading vicious
lies.
attacking our characters.
We were out there. fighting as
equals.
but the police only saw us as
weak women.
easily intimidated.
They told us we'd never find
husbands if we kept it up.
So Sheila got this idea
as a way to fight against the
patriarchy.
It was our way of showing them
that we were committed
to fighting for what was right.
Husbands be damned.
Your mother was incredibly
brave.
She seemed unstoppable.
But then she stopped.
There was a woman. Rupa.
who had been brutally attacked
by a high-up government
official.
And he claimed
she was lying to blackmail him.
So they put her in jail instead
of him.
It was an outrage.
We protested. did sit-ins at
the jail.
but it didn't matter.
They wouldn't let her out.
So we decided to break her out.
That night.
Sheila led the group to Rupa's
cell.
but the police were waiting.
Sheila was arrested.
And then they threw her in jail
too.
I think she spent four.
five nights in there
before her uncle arrived.
It was a very serious situation.
They were going
to file charges against her
and put her on trial.
And then...
suddenly. she was gone.
There were all sorts of rumors
flying about.
but no one really knew what had
happened.
And that was the last we had
heard of her.
So imagine my surprise
when we came to your house
and I saw her
in that fancy sari and jewels.
handing out paneer tikka
as if she had never
marched a day in her life.
Are you okay. beta?
Yeah. It's just a lot to take
in.
Look.
Ruby Hill isn't exactly
a hotbed of liberal activism.
Maybe it was just easier for
your mother
to compromise a little bit.
You don't know the half of it.
Here. Neha found this.
What on earth were you thinking.
running away from the party like that?
And where have you been?
I was with Bhairavi Aunty.
Talking about you.
Come inside. It's getting late.
Did you shave your head in
college
because you were standing up
for women's rights?
Yes.
Did you go to jail because you
were helping a woman escape?
Yes.
Do you know what the
word "patriarchy" means?
And you kept it a secret?
Why?
Why? Why would you hide it from
me?
Why would you act like
it's something embarrassing?
Because I am embarrassed. Alia!
It's not who I am anymore.
It was too hard to keep on
fighting.
Look.
back then. my life was
complicated.
I want your life to be simple.
easy.
That's what I want for you.
But that's not what I want.
You do these things when you're
young.
and stupid. and reckless.
And then you get tired.
And then you grow up.
Grow up. Alia.
Mom. I can't find my
ghungroos!
Mom! Saahil just broke my chair!
I'm bleeding so much!
I'm coming.
Hey. girl!
I love your... sneakers!
You know what?
You've never liked me.
and I've never liked you.
So why don't we stop bullshitting
and just say what we really mean.
Okay. I'll go first. Um...
You two are the most boring.
petty
and. frankly.
interchangeable girls I've ever met.
I've known you my whole life.
and I still can't tell you apart.
Well. you're a bitch!
Yeah. you're. like. a total
slut!
Feels good. doesn't it?
Sheila. do we have any beer?
I don't know. Ranjit.
Why don't you take a look. hmm?
- Arey. you're right there. na. baba.
- I'm busy!
Fine. fine.
No problem.
I can get my own beer. you know.
I do know.
What's with this
sudden attitude?
No attitude.
And it's not sudden.
Sheila?
Hmm?
What is this?
Where did this come from?
Alia.
She must have found it in my
things.
You kept it all this time?
Why?
Did you tell her anything?
No.
She found out on her own.
- How?
- Bhairavi.
Ah...
Do you still want this?
"All Indian. all spice. baby!"
Hi. ladies. Just these?
Hi. Varun. Yeah. Gotta hydrate.
Yeah.
You're all set.
Oh. could you open these for us?
Sure.
They're so going to get married.
Kind of a shame. though.
Rahul could do so much better.
Rich. handsome. and going to be
a doctor.
No wonder Alia's
not letting him get away.
I'll bet his dad will get him
an elephant for the wedding.
just like Vikram's. remember?
No. I heard his dad knows
some tiger guy in India.
and that's what he's gonna ride
on.
Can you imagine.
Rahul riding into the baraat on
a tiger?
So hot!
You can't ride a tiger!
Maybe you can't.
Ah. I'm so glad
you live on the first floor.
I missed you.
You're such a hypocrite.
What?
You act like you're not part
of the same bullshit.
that somehow because
you roll your eyes at it.
you're not just the same
as everyone else here.
What the hell are you talking
about?
Everywhere I go in Ruby Hill.
people have something to say.
People are talking shit about my family.
or community college. or whatever!
And you're just as superficial
as everyone else here.
I'm not superficial!
I watch documentaries.
and I go to spoken word.
and I...
wear organic chapstick!
I'm nothing like these people!
No. no. no.
You're exactly like these people!
And I'll bet your organic
chapstick costs. like. $12.
but no worries. you're probably
still on your dad's credit card!
- I have my own credit card.
- Yeah. well. who pays the bill?
They want me to focus on school
and not have to worry about money.
How nice for you.
How nice for all of you to
not have to worry about money.
I mean. do you think I didn't
notice
everyone laughing at my parents
that night at your party?
Why... Why did you even invite
us?
Because I wanted to get to know
you.
What for? You already have
your groom-to-be waiting in the wings.
Excuse me?
It just seems like I'm your
easy Miller Park hookup.
and Rahul's the one
you're gonna end up with.
Everyone seems to think you two
should just rent a big fancy hall.
and a big fancy elephant.
or Bengal tiger or whatever.
and get married.
I mean. Reema and Roma said you
and Rahul are basically engaged.
Varun!
Reema and Roma?
Are you seriously gonna
believe two gossiping girls
before even checking with me?
Man. I thought the aunties were
bad.
Are you calling me an aunty?
I'm calling you a goddamn aunty!
- Is there something you want to say?
- No. Is there something you want to say?
Nope.
So. um...
I guess that's it.
Fine.
Well. thanks for
the mango juice. and the sex.
and the history lesson about my
mom.
Oh. you're welcome.
Quit splashing me. you
turd!
You're the turd!
Wow. I didn't know
a turd could wear makeup.
Stop splashing me.
Out of the pool. kids. Chop.
chop.
Alia?
People will talk if you don't
come.
People will talk either way.
What's going on?
I'm not going.
Oh. baba. enough with this
nonsense.
The party's at
Rahul's house tonight. right?
Do you really want me to go?
Because I can.
Pretty gutsy
to ditch your own party.
- Your parents are going to freak.
- I don't give a shit.
I just...
I couldn't handle it tonight.
Especially without you there.
People still whispering about
it?
- Yeah.
- Are you okay?
No.
What?
Are you and Varun
getting serious or something?
I don't know. I mean...
That's not it.
This is too easy.
I mean...
our lives are too easy.
We can't do this just because
it's the easy thing to do.
I don't wanna make the same
mistakes my parents did
and end up in this bullshit
world of lies like they did!
I don't want to live in a house
full of fake Swedish books!
Wait. what? They're fake?
Huh.
Who knew?
What if we are who we are.
and then everything changes.
and we don't recognize
ourselves anymore?
Look...
people change when they get
older.
It's not always a tragic thing.
is it?
I mean. my dad used to be an
army medic.
and now he's building
a koi pond in our backyard.
And you don't think that's
tragic?
Just forget all that stuff for
a second.
I am sick of people telling me
to forget about stuff!
Stop telling me to forget about
stuff!
Fine! Jesus!
So. we cool?
I'm cool. Are you cool?
Super cool.
- So. fine. We're cool.
- Cool.
Divya said
that they moved out last week
and now Asha's in some
two-room nothing in Miller.
Can you imagine?
Terrible schools in that area.
Her kids will never
get into a good college.
It's a hard situation.
I feel for the family.
Of course.
- Of course.
- We all do!
It is terrible. Such a shame.
So. Sheila. I ran into Alia
the other day at India Sweets.
She was talking to that boy.
Varun.
Probably about school.
Probably.
You know. that Bhairavi
has gotten downright unfriendly.
I do miss the Guptas.
They were always so...
oh. I don't know. Quiet.
Excuse me.
Can I get a separate check.
please?
Motherfu... What the hell. Mom!
I'm going to the Indian store.
- Okay?
- Come on. Hop in.
But I'm all sweaty and gross.
and...
Just get in. Come on.
Oh! Sorry.
Are we here to buy more
biscuits?
Hello. Alia.
- Sheila.
- Hi. Aunty.
Hi. Bhairu.
Uh. we'll take a pound of
laddoos.
Sure.
You used to make them for our
meetings.
You remember.
I remember.
Yes! Yes! You guys had meetings!
Uh. Bhairu. do you have
a place we can talk?
Come.
The last time we saw each other
was at the jailhouse that night.
Morning. Sheila.
Get up.
After my uncle came.
everything happened so quickly.
He didn't let me pack or say
goodbye.
We went straight home to Rampur.
My mother had had a heart attack.
and they all blamed me for it.
The terrible rumors about me
had reached them.
I tried to tell them
that it was all lies...
...and what I was actually fighting
for. but they didn't believe me.
They didn't care.
All that mattered
was that I had disgraced them.
I knew that if my mom didn't
survive.
it would be on my head.
And then they showed me a young
man
who wanted to go to America.
Who needed money and papers.
And my family wanted me as far
away from them as possible.
That's how I married
Ranjit.
That was that.
Before I knew it.
we were on the plane to New Jersey.
Ranjit was on his way
to becoming a doctor.
and I became
what everyone wanted me to be:
a wife. a mother.
quiet.
I thought about you so much.
Bhairu.
and all our friends.
But I couldn't bring myself to
call you.
My life was already so
different.
I had compromised so much.
I had to start again.
It feels like another lifetime.
It wasn't so long ago.
I had no idea.
How could you. beta?
No one did.
We should head back.
Bhairu.
it'll mean a lot to me
if you came to our party
on Saturday night.
I will be there.
So. I'll go to the hospital first
and then I might go for a golf game.
Is it really golf you're going
to?
Yes. of course. What do you
mean?
Her blouse was inside out.
Did you really think
that no one noticed it?
And that you'd be so arrogant
to do it in a party.
in our own home!
It was a mistake. Sheila. Just
let it go.
I didn't agree
to be made a fool of. Ranjit.
I didn't agree for you to be
having affairs all over town!
I deserve respect.
This has to stop. or else...
Or else. what. Sheila?
You want a divorce?
You think people talk now. just
wait.
They'll say. "Oh. my goodness.
Sheila didn't have any problem
"shopping at Neiman Marcus
all these years.
"driving her fancy cars all
these years."
You... have known all along...
so why suddenly put everything we
have worked so hard for at risk?
We both knew what this
was from the beginning.
I had... no illusions about it.
You have put yourself above
your family once. Sheila.
and you saw what happened.
Don't make the same mistake
again.
What do we really
mean to each other. Ranjit.
after all these years?
You are a good wife.
You are a good mother.
And we have a good life.
Let's keep our family together.
Sheila.
Hmm?
Now. I have a golf game on
Saturday.
and I need to make sure I keep
up.
So. I'll see you in a few hours.
Our anniversary is on Saturday.
Yeah. of course it is.
We'll be hosting the dinner
and we'll celebrate. Right?
Ranjit. we...
It is a special day.
and it's important to celebrate
these things with the community.
I'll be back in a few
hours.
Hmm. you did learn something
in college after all.
- Ha-ha. What's all that?
- Something for the party.
We're still... We're still
doing that?
- Hey.
Hey.
- So...
- Don't!
No.
Sick outfit.
Thanks.
Do you know who the
caterer is?
No. but I think yours
was better.
I know. right?
Can I do anything to help?
Um. no. just enjoy yourself.
Come on. Mom. I know you're in
there.
How long now have you been
married?
Tell us. How old were you.
Sheila?
Nineteen.
Aw.
Everyone. Please. come eat.
Business as usual. huh?
Not tonight.
- What's going on?
- I don't know.
We had planned
this wonderful vacation to Maui.
but then her husband
got indicted for embezzling.
We had already put in
the deposit for the hotel
and... and...
and... uh...
Whoa.
Let them talk.
You look just like your mother.
You've really done it.
Alia.
Let's go. Come. Now.
No. Ranjit. That's enough.
Sheila. come. People
are staring.
Let them stare.
Let them see!
How else will they know what to
talk about in the next party?
Sheila. please. You need to
calm down.
No!
What I need. Ranjit.
is a good. stiff drink.
Bhairu. won't you join me?
Come on. Uma. Share a drink
with me.
We are already sharing my
husband.
- Sheila.
- Savage.
And there was Chandrika. eight
years ago.
Radhika. three years ago.
And let's not forget the
receptionists:
Angelia. Vanessa. Lucia.
I remember the names of all
your mistakes.
Stop your
nonsense. Sheila. please.
Arey baba. don't
worry.
Everyone already knows.
Don't you. Bina? Lata?
Don't pretend it's news.
And don't worry. Uma.
They've been judging you just as
the same they've been judging me.
I'm not a loose woman! And...
Gurvinder visits prostitutes!
- Dad!
- Uma!
He spent the money for our koi
pond on a pair of Vegas hookers!
Oh. my God.
What do you want me to do. huh?
Uma has not been interested in
sex
since my testicle retracted...
I can't help it. it's just so
strange!
And who are you all to judge
me. anyway?
I know for a fact that Shalini
and her voice teacher
are having an affair!
Don't drag me into your mess.
huh. Uma. please.
I knew it. Shalini!
All that money and you still
sound like a dying cat.
What are you laughing at. Ajit.
huh?
How many drinks have you
already had tonight. huh?
You're going to make
your wife drive you home again
so you can vomit out the side
window?
Please. Crazy.
Okay. everyone. Maybe we can...
I have a BMW! It's a luxury car.
and I paid 100K for it!
Premal just bought us an Audi
that is 200K!
Premal can't afford
to spend 200K on an Audi!
I most certainly can!
Laxmi spent all our money
on plastic surgery.
She can't even move her jaw.
That's not true!
Poonam used Fair &
Lovely so much
that I started to see veins on
her face!
It's like living in a horror
movie!
Nakul shaves his legs.
My Preeti is a gay!
She never lets me buy her saris.
My Nitin is a gay!
He's taking salsa dancing
classes with his boyfriend.
Mom. I came out. like. two
years ago.
You all know I'm gay.
I'm gay. I'm gay. I'm gay all
day.
I'm also a gay!
No. no. no. I'm not a gay.
I just got carried
away.
Bina. she is not renovating her
game room.
Her son flunked out of USC.
He's living in their basement.
That's why she couldn't throw
a party all summer long!
You started all of this. Sheila!
But you have your own secrets.
don't you?
Why don't you tell all of us
about your sordid past
with your dear friend. Bhairavi!
It's true.
Bhairavi and I do have a past.
What?
We were very close in college.
And we were feminists!
We were brave. honest. and
angry!
We were committed to something
much larger than ourselves.
We risked everything because
we believed our lives. our
words.
were worth something.
We were worth something.
We are worth something.
I'm done with this arrangement.
Ranjit.
Pack your bags and find a hotel.
Now. enjoy the party. everyone!
There's chai in the kitchen
and plenty of biscuits!
You don't look so bad now that
your hair is starting to grow out.
Thanks.
You know. you could always wear
a hat.
Can I help you?
Would you like to.
I don't know. borrow some
eyeliner?
Dad called.
Mom's talking to him right now.
Oh.
Are Mom and Dad gonna get a
divorce?
I don't know.
But whatever happens.
we're gonna be okay. Okay?
Yeah.
Okay.
I mean. it's gonna take us all
some time
to process everything that's
happened.
It's a journey.
just like Ariana Grande says.
Yeah. Right.
Can I have your headbands?
Hey.
So. I wanted to invite you guys
to a dinner party at my
parents' place this weekend.
I'm kidding.
I think I effectively killed
that scene for a while.
Uh. yeah. I'd say that's
accurate.
I'm sorry about...
everything.
This has been a weird summer.
I'm sorry that I said all those
things about your money and stuff.
It's hard being a poor Indian
in a place like this.
Well. you'll be at UCLA now.
I can show you
all the cheap places to eat.
They always have the best food.
Sounds great.
It'll be nice to have a friend
there.
A really good friend.
So. you should text me when
you're all settled and stuff...
okay?
I will.
- Hmm. Everything fits?
- Yup. Ready to go.
Bye. guys.
Bye. Sonic.
Ha-ha.
Mmm. love ya.
Love you.
Hi.
Hi. kids!
- Hi. Dad.
So you're off.
Yeah.
We don't want to be late.
Um...
Where are the rest of your bags?
I'm taking her.
Okay.
Uh...
- Shall I stay with the kids?
- Sure.
I'll get my purse.
Was it worth the excitement?
Your mom and I.
we started out in the wrong
circumstances.
But from that.
we built something wonderful
together.
something very important to me.
I don't want to lose that.
I don't want to lose this
family.
So. have a safe flight. okay?
And text us when you land.
I will.
I'll drop Alia off
and then run a few errands.
Yeah. I'm here.
Take your time.
You're very quiet.
A wise man once told me
that words are powerful.
Sometimes. it's nice to just be
quiet.
I don't know
what I'm supposed to be doing.
I don't know either.
But I guess we'll figure it out.
We'll figure it out.
Hey. kiddo.
Don't be too quiet.
Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm